If Xuemei when you framed me for imprisonment 5 years ago
Did you ever think you would have today?
Sister, did you misunderstand me?
What happened 5 years ago has nothing to do with me
Shut up and still dare to be stubborn
Your smug face five years ago
I still remember it vividly
Daughter no matter what
Tingting is also your sister
I'm your mother too.
You really don't believe me at all?
Is it really that heartless?
Hmm, I can give you a chance.
Liang Yunsong put the two of them in jail for me
Wait until the paternity test comes out before making a decision
Don't you want it?
Daughter, I am your mother
You do a paternity test
Where can I put my old face?